see our car is unique the students do
engineering they do market research
themselves get exposed to customers
develop personas work with art students
to iterate the design between packaging
constraints and styling and and vision
we've got a whole team involved from GM
from engineering from design from Rd
some market research type people so
students got a good feedback about what
was important to us what we wanted them
to focus on the deep orange program is
growing the kind of engineers we need in
our advanced architecture development
area when you find a program like that
that's tailor-made to the skill set the
trade offs the experiences that we need
engineers to do in the real world and
you find it on campus that's extremely
rare I see Clemson changing the auto
industry with the cu-icar model of
introducing new employees you know taken
from this program that are that's what
they're expecting the industry industry
to be like because that's what they saw
it is as student I think that's going to
turn out better products for us and
hopefully turn out better better
products faster generally if this
process takes on an industry it's around
seven years with 400 different people so
with the resource constrained we started
streamlining the process yet not
compromising on the outcomes so we we
would say actually we have come up with
the rather neat process in making a car
deep orange 5 I think gives a whole new
take to the automotive industry
it starts with trying to make the car
appeal to Gen Y Z make it function like
a phone would make it kind of device
that they like they carry with them they
want to use I think that's what we
wanted to achieve and I think we have
we're very happy with the way the
project has come out we're very happy
that the students learn what they did I
mean it it is that is the most important
goal is to support developing a new
generation of automotive engineers to
have the right skills for being
successful in the marketplace
you